---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Events

To integrate well with modern workflows, Dyte SDK also emits a rich set of
events on meeting events and state changes. Using these events on the client
side, you can make your app event driven and respond to changes in the meeting
in real-time. You can subscribe to the following events on the
[`DyteMobileClient`](./reference/meeting) class.

### Connected to the meeting

This event is triggered when the participant has connected to the meeting but
hasn't started producing or consuming content streams. Think of this as
establishing a successful connection to the meeting and nothing else.

```kotlin
DyteMobileClient.addMeetingRoomEventsListener(object : DyteMeetingRoomEventsListener {
    override fun onMeetingInitCompleted() {

    }
})
```

### Joined the meeting

This event is triggered when the participant actually joins the meeting, and can
start producing as well as consuming content streams.

```kotlin
DyteMobileClient.addMeetingRoomEventsListener(object : DyteMeetingRoomEventsListener {
    override fun onMeetingRoomJoinStarted() {

    }
})
```

### Disconnected from the meeting

This event is triggered when the participant gets disconnected from the meeting
for any reason. It could be a bad network connection, the meeting being exited
by the participant manually, the meeting tab / browser / app being closed by the
participant, or just any other reason.

```kotlin
DyteMobileClient.addMeetingRoomEventsListener(object : DyteMeetingRoomEventsListener {
    override fun onMeetingRoomLeft() {

    }
})
```

### Another participant joins the meeting

This event is triggered when another participant joins the meeting. "Join" here
as the same context as the `meetingJoined` event: so when that event triggers
for the a participant, this event triggers for all other participants that have
already joined the meeting.

```kotlin
DyteMobileClient.addParticipantEventsListener(object : DyteParticipantEventsListener {
    override fun onParticipantJoin(participant: DyteMeetingParticipant) {

    }
})
```

### Another participant leaves the meeting

This event is triggered when another participant disconnects from the meeting.
"Disconnect" here as the same context as the `disconnect` event: so when that
event triggers for the a participant, this event triggers for all other
participants that have already joined the meeting.

```kotlin
DyteMobileClient.addParticipantEventsListener(object : DyteParticipantEventsListener {
    override fun onParticipantLeave(participant: DyteMeetingParticipant) {

    }
})
```

<!-- ### Receiving a chat message

This event is triggered when the participant receives a chat message. The `chatMessage` is an instance of `DyteChatMessage`.

```kotlin
DyteMobileClient.addMeetingRoomEventsListener(object : DyteMeetingRoomEventsListener {
    override fun onChatUpdates() {

    }
})
``` -->

### Detecting change in active speaker

This event is triggered when the active speaker in the meeting changes. Active
speaker is the participant whose audio level has most recently been the highest
(kind of like LRU with the selection factor being audio level). The
`participant` is an instance of [`DyteParticipant`](./reference/participant),
whose prototype is defined in the reference section.

```java
DyteMobileClient.addParticipantEventsListener(object : DyteParticipantEventsListener {
    override fun onActiveSpeakerChanged(participant: DyteMeetingParticipant) {
      super.onActiveSpeakerChanged(participant)
    }

    override fun onNoActiveSpeaker() {
      super.onNoActiveSpeaker()
    }
})
```

### Recording events

This event is triggered when a recording of the meeting is started by the host
or by the organization (as an admin function). You can use this event to show a
popup or a warning to the participants about the meeting being recorded.

```kotlin
DyteMobileClient.addMeetingRoomEventsListener(object : DyteMeetingRoomEventsListener {
    override fun onMeetingRecordingStarted() {
      super.onMeetingRecordingStarted()
    }

    override fun onMeetingRecordingEnded() {
      super.onMeetingRecordingEnded()
    }
})
```
